and it 's personal but a channel video and
This time I bring a hatred to you.
that he does not do much in gta
it's just leave the gta with a visual
aide visual screen that this function she
already have in the gta
Only she was not done very well.
have some errors and even then the radar is
where they show their weapons they continued
with a very strained look to this motto
he leaves everything right he does not leave it with
an entire visual stretched an ugly and
gta
the way it came right this way
It will only serve to those who have is and play in
monitors in rectangular format because
when you download a screen template
entire
if you do not know this mold and it's not just
the name of the mod
but if you do not know the money
no registration bashary productions
then when you put it expands the gta
by the sides
the screen is stretched digitally with
an ugly look at this program
mod will actually make you stay
everything normal
So let's see how the installation was.
it's very simple
good first people you sit in the link
of download pro mod that I put and
after that you will be
redirected to liquid medium fire
then this download click is the
download will start
the file is quite small at it's low
matter of seconds soya down is you
which is to open it then it will open will
have folder wide screen hours2 click
in her
there will be three folders and one file to
You read to know how to talk where
but since I 'm talking you do not
need him
these three folders you will need
this folder she
the sedam 2 click on it will have two
files inside it there you get
these two files
it was them there after you copied or
strange at low tide the way it
You are in archives and the street folder
of the gta that most of the time in my
computer and if you put some files
of programs to rate game gta san
Andreas
is not always the case, but in most
Sometimes you do not know people I already told you
How's it going then, you're fine.
then you have located the part of
installing your gt is only you enter
in your control v or the way you
have used her files there and will
ask to replace ney franc for
replace yes continue ready but already
is installed is very easy very simple and
gta leaves in a legal way
then that's it she spoke